-: Welcome back.
As part of step four, we are going to install
the AWS load balancer controller using Helm.
So let's come back to our PowerPoint presentation.
And if you see here already we have completed the part
where we have created IAM policy, IAM role
and then service account
and then annotating that service account with IAM role.
So now whatever we are seeing in this box,
which is load balancer controller deployment,
its SQL in secret and also it's a cluster IP service,
web hook cluster IP service.
So these things we are going to deploy now
and using Helm we are going to do that.
So let's come back here.
And if you don't have Helm installed on your local desktop
so you can install the Helm using these commands, right?
So brew install Helm, if it is macOS.
And if you want to use different operating system.
So you can see here using Helm with Amazon EKS.
And you can see here if it is macOS
use this command and brew install Helm.
And if you're using Windows,
so you can say choco install Kubernetes
Helm using Chocolatey.
Or if you're using Linux.
So you can directly download the respect to binary
and then using gethelm.sh script, you can install it.
So now let's come back here and install it
using brew install Helm because we are using the mac OS
here, right?
So I'll say brew install
and then I will say Helm.
And it will download the Helm and then install for us.
So let's wait for it to install.
So we can see here Helm was successfully installed.
So maybe it is 3.8.0 version.
So let's see what exactly it is.
So I'll say Helm and then I'll say version.
And
we see that V 3.8.0 is installed for us, right?
So now as part of step 0402
install AWS
load balancer controller.
So before installing that using Helm,
we need to understand about two important notes here.
So the one important note here is,
if you're deploying the load balancer controller
to Amazon EC2 notes that have restricted access
to Amazon Instance Metadata Service, which is IMDS service.
Or if you are deploying these load balancer controller
to Fargate, then add the following flags.
So using the Helm tell the package
that you are using the region code so and so
and then VPC ID where you are going to deploy it.
So these two things it is
asking us to set in our Helm command here.
So if you are going to use with the unrestricted EC2 notes
where you don't have access to IMDS service
or if you're using Fargate.
So instead of worrying about this note,
so I made a standardization that in our command
we are anyway going to use this, right?
And next thing is if you're deploying
to any region other than U.S. West two
then add the following flag to the command that you run,
which is image repository
replacing account and region code
with the values for your region listed in Amazon EKS
add on container image addresses.
So this is nothing,
but if you are using in different regions
other than U.S. West two.
So you need to provide your ECR endpoint
which is nothing, but Elastic Container Registry endpoint
from that respective region so that it can download
AWS load balancer controller
from that respective region only.
So example,
if currently our EKS cluster is in U.S. East one.
So if you see this get region code
and then account info from here.
So let me
open this.
Let me close this and you can see here,
so these are the information.
So for U.S.
East one, this is the endpoint,
right?
So that is what we need to provide.
So this is the account information you need to provide here
and region code you need to provide here.
So this is the value you need to get.
So this is the account and U.S. East one is the region
code for U.S. East one location.
So I have provided the link here for getting the region code
and account info.
So get those information and provide the account ID.
And then region code here and rest all is going to be same
which is Amazon AWS load balancer controller amazonaws.com.
So from here everything is going to be same for you also.
So based on the region, whatever you're using
provide that region here, which is U.S. East one
or U.S. East two or anything.
And also account ID you can get from this respective link
whatever is provided here.
So U.S. East one.
So this is the value.
So we'll see that when we replace down there.
Okay.
So now the first thing is add the EKS charts repository.
So Helm repo add this EKS charts repository.
So let me copy this,
and come back here and clear and add the command.
So EKS already exists with the same configuration
because I might have run earlier also, right?
So it has added
and I'll run the command helm repo update.
So it is trying to get the updates
for Ingress, NGINX, EKS, Jetstack, stable, Bitnami,
whatever is available in my
existing local repo, it is trying to update
all those things.
So now let's come back here, and as part of this command
we are going to install the AWS load balancer controller.
So let's see this command breakdown
and then understand in detail.
So Helm
install
and AWS load balancer controller.
So from repo EKS/AWS load balancer controller
And this need to be installed on hyphen
in kube-system namespace,
and provide your set.
These are the set commands
where you'll provide the values for your respective
package, whatever you're going to deploy.
So now set cluster name.
So our cluster name is going to be EKS demo one,
and service account create.
So during the Helm install itself you want to create
the service account AWS load balancer controller.
No.
Why?
Because it was already created earlier
and then now we don't need to create it
as part of previous steps we have already done that.
So which means service account create is false.
And what is the service account name
we have created which is AWS load balancer controller,
which we have done as part of previous steps.
So that is good.
And region and VPC ID we need to set.
So region code is U.S East one.
So you can see here, right?
And VPC ID.
So we are going to get now where our AWS EKS
related VPC created for this cluster.
And image repository.
As we said, we need to get that from the region code
and account ID in which your EKS cluster is created
which is 60240143452.
So this is the account ID and U.S. East one is the region.
So the same thing, you can find it here.
So now let me take this complete command
and copy this command, and come back here.
And here let's space this command
and ensure that all the things are same for us,
EKS demo one is the cluster name and service second name
is AWS-load-balancer
-: controller and region where our EKS
cluster is there is U.S. East one.
So we only need to change the VPC ID.
So this one also we have verified U.S. East one
is the region and account ID also match it.
So now let's come back here and go to VPC.
And in VPC
go to all that respective to EKS demo one related VPC.
So VPCs and I should have default.
And another one is EKS CTL EKS demo one cluster VPC.
And this is the
VPC ID.
So let me copy this
or let me go here and copy from here and provide a VPC ID.
So now let's copy this command
and run it, right.
So let's come back here
and clear and run the
command now.
And once the command successfully completes
so we are going to see the output as like this,
name AWS load balancer controller and last deployed.
And in which namespace it is deployed, status is deployed,
revision is one and test suit none.
And what it has installed is AWS load balancer controller
installed.
So let's wait for it to complete.
So we can see here our AWS load balancer controller
is successfully installed.
So in our next lecture we are going to go ahead and verify
what it has installed in a step-by-step manner.
So I'll see you in the next lecture.
Until then, bye-bye. Thank you.